Zihan, how do you know you want a broken master?
I found it when I stepped on it
Zihan, why didn’t you tell me earlier?
It’s fun. Let’s get excited early.
I don't know if the main thing is unsafe
So I took a look first.
I won’t tell you until it’s safe today
So is this main object left behind by the previous Tuzhuan?
It was probably the residents of Tui who first remembered that the main object was broken.
Should we tidy it up and use it?
I won't clean it up
You guys, I can't
Miss nonsense, you have to tell him again
You said I'm the eldest lady
I definitely won't
Want to survive in the team again
everyone has to deal with
Didn't I work hard before?
This is how he behaved after doing it
You don't know
Just don't start like him.
There is a rule of survival
Those who are not old must not be fit